feat: update documentation with new provider config (#385)
nitrictech/docs: docs/deployment.md

## Configuring Deployment

When deploying the application, you can add extra configuration for specific functions or a global function. This configuration is individualized for each stack file. Below is an example of config added to an AWS stack to augment the memory, timeout, and telemetry sampling percentage.

```yaml
# nitric-aws-deployment.yaml
name: project
provider: nitric/aws@0.24.0
region: us-east-1
config:
  default:
    lambda:
      memory: 1024

>       telemetry: 10

Reviewer: telemetry is top level for the category

>     target: lambda

Reviewer: target is no longer used I think (need to test this to make sure)

  memory-optimized:
    lambda:
      memory: 4096
```

And pointing the handlers to each different config happens in the project file:

```yaml
# nitric.yaml
name: my-project
handlers:
  - match: functions/*.ts
    type: default
  - match: custom/*.ts
    type: memory-optimized
```

You can point config to all functions, or to a specific function. Either by using the `default` key or the function type i.e. `memory-optimized`. The following configurations can be made:

- `memory`: The memory of the compute instance in MB. Defaults to 512.
- `timeout`: The max running time of the function in seconds. Defaults to 15.
- `telemetry`: The percentage of requests to be sampled for tracing. Defaults to 0%.

For AWS, [provisioned concurrency](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/provisioned-concurrency.html) can also be added:

> - `provisioned-concurrency`: The amount of lambdas that should remain provisioned for immediate invocation. Defaults to 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `provisioned-concurrency`: The number of lambda instances that should remain warm for immediate invocation. Defaults to 0.
```
